client/public/static/about.md, before:

# AoS Statshammer

A tool for calculating and comparing damage outputs for
**Warhammer Age of Sigmar** units (also referred to as Mathhammer).

## Average Damage Stats

Gather the average damage that each unit is expected to do against each possible save. This average is a calculated value (not simulated)

## Profile Modifiers

Add various modifiers, or abilities, to your weapon profiles in order to replicate the vast array of unit rules/abilities.
Some examples are: *'Deal `x` Mortal Wounds on a roll of `y`', 'Rerolls', 'Leader Bonuses' etc.*

## Target Modifiers

Add various modifiers, or abilities, to the target to which stats are generated against (the opponents unit).
Some examples are: *'Ethereal', 'Rerolls', 'Negate wounds and mortal wounds on a roll of `y`', etc.*

## Simulations

Generating `x` simulations to gather **Discrete**, and **Cumulative** **Probability**, as well as, various sample metrics (mean, max, variance, etc.).
The number of simulations is customizable from the simulations screen.

## Import/Export JSON

Save your crafted units and armies so that you can re-import them later

## Export PDF

Export the full stats, as well as, simulations to PDF form

## And more

Keep an eye on the [Github Releases](https://github.com/Manwe56/aos-statshammer/releases)

## Notes

This is a free community tool built by Damon Hook (`NoMaDhOoK`) then Grégory Ribéron (`Manwe56`)

**Remember:** There is more to a unit than just its damage output. This is a tool, not a definitive answer of which unit is better

Commit message:

4.2.0
* Units have health, save, models and modifiers
* Units can be simply reinforced
* Effective health stats are computed and displayed

client/public/static/about.md, after:

# AoS Statshammer

A tool for calculating and comparing damage outputs for
**Warhammer Age of Sigmar** units (also referred to as Mathhammer).

## Average Damage Stats

Gather the average damage that each unit is expected to do against each possible save. This average is a calculated value (not simulated)

## Effective health Stats

Gather the average damage required to kill a unit considering damages that are reaching the unit after the to hit and to wound sequence but before the save rolls. It allows to compare the resistance of a unit against different rends. MW rend means mortal wounds. Those values are calculated and not simulated.

## Profile Modifiers

Add various modifiers, or abilities, to your weapon profiles in order to replicate the vast array of unit rules/abilities.
Some examples are: *'Deal `x` Mortal Wounds on a roll of `y`', 'Rerolls', 'Leader Bonuses' etc.*

## Unit characteristics and Modifiers

Define for each units its save, models, health per model and point cost. You can reinforce a unit to have its stats directly doubled. You can also add modifiers to your unit to reflect the additional properties that this unit can have (ward, ethreal etc)

## Target Modifiers

Add various modifiers, or abilities, to the target to which stats are generated against (the opponents unit).
Some examples are: *'Ethereal', 'Rerolls', 'Negate wounds and mortal wounds on a roll of `y`', etc.*

## Simulations

Generating `x` simulations to gather **Discrete**, and **Cumulative** **Probability**, as well as, various sample metrics (mean, max, variance, etc.).
The number of simulations is customizable from the simulations screen.

## Import/Export JSON

Save your crafted units and armies so that you can re-import them later

## Export PDF

Export the full stats, as well as, simulations to PDF form

## And more

Keep an eye on the [Github Releases](https://github.com/Manwe56/aos-statshammer/releases)

## Notes

This is a free community tool built by Damon Hook (`NoMaDhOoK`) 2019-2021 then Grégory Ribéron (`Manwe56`) 2024+

**Remember:** There is more to a unit than just its damage output. This is a tool, not a definitive answer of which unit is better
